#labels Featured,Phase-Design
#Structures of currently known facts


The idea here is to have all the fact types documented in an accessible place, to make rule-writing easier.

To that end...

<wiki:toc>


=Known Fact Types=

==Base facts==

Base facts are those that are added to the working memory only at start up.  No facts of these types should be created by any subsequent rule firing.

===movie===

`(movie =mname =year  =rating (Action *) (Adventure *) (Animation *) (Biography *) (Comedy *) (Crime *) (Drama *) (Family *) (Fantasy *) (Film-Noir *) (History *) (Horror *) (Musical *) (Mystery *) (Romance *) (Sci-Fi *) (Sport *) (Thriller *) (War *) (Western *))`

The three captures in this demonstration model will capture the name, year, and IMDB user rating of this film.  All of the * entries can be changed to captures, or to 0 or 1 for explicit matching.

===director===

	
`(director =directorname =moviename)`

Indicates that the movie was directed at least in part by this person.  Note that not all movies have a listed director.

===actor===

` (actor  =actorname =moviename =role =billing)`

The last two fields are optional, and missing on many actors.  Probably should always be specified as `* *`, but they're there if you want them.  Note that unless we do something to fix it, the "billing" field is a string that contains a number, not a number.

===user-likes===

I think this is a base fact, since it's part of what we're reasoning from, not something that we infer.  I don't have a structure for it, though.

==Derived facts==

==user-likes-genre==

Has a genre and a weight.

==user-likes-director==

Director name and weight.

==user-likes-director==

==user-likes-era==

Maybe?  Might require tweak to the match engine

==recommend-movie==

Movie name and strength of recommendation?

=Known unknowns=

Clearly, we need to expand at least the second part of the list above.  Ideas mentioned so far include:

  * user-likes-frodo 
  * user-likes-genre
  * user-likes-director
  * recommendation
